# week 11 meeting notes

## status on making the text-to-speech API accessible
Since the api-access is technically low-priority as it is only important late in development, Erik will work on it once it's necessary.

## forced alignment
Possibly research "Rhubarb" software that group A uses.

## Nazim
If we need assets, etc from Kukarella, we are recommended to DM Nazim on Discord.

## Next week
Nazim will look into giving us (primarily Group A and B? We didn't have an urgent need for assets) access to Kukarella's assets.
I told Nazim that we will continue to work on integrating/optimizing Gentle and will start on working on the video generation for the coming weeks.